Below the blood rose See the king of blood fish
Lord, your life and death are uncertain
It's been three years since the conquest
Nowadays, the door of blood fish is not ancient
usurpation of power
I implore the Lord to regain control of the blood prison
I will return to the rain of blood
But now is not the time
This
Please try it above.
I now drink on Sundays
When the power is restored
rashly return
I can't convince people
And the man who seriously injured me three years ago
I suspect that blood and the quality of the internal drama team are prolonged
Xu Zifeng goes out in a day
I will never leave you
Ning Fan of the dog day
He's a mad dog.
This must have been done by the Qiao family
He obviously slapped our family in the face
brother
You must avenge me
Avenge our family
The entire Jiangdong
Who doesn't know that the children of the emperor are my bottom line?
Qiao Family Soul Humph
I let him pay with blood